Added dashboard commands and implemented REST Request (#121)
crate/croud: CHANGES.rst

Unreleased
==========

> - Added the commands ``croud monitoring grafana enable`` and

Reviewer: Previously we wrote the commands without the script name in the changelog, e.g. `monitoring grafana enable`

> - Added the commands ``croud monitoring grafana enable`` and

Reviewer 2: to be consistent with the other changelog entries I would suggest going with:

```suggestion
- Added the commands ``monitoring grafana`` in order to enable and disable Grafana dashboards for a project.
```
